Update recaptcha-two.md (#499)
bigcommerce/dev-docs: docs/legacy/blueprint-themes/recaptcha-two.md

```

### reCAPTCHA Script to Update

> (Reference: https://developers.google.com/recaptcha/docs/display)

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> Next, in each of the three template files, add the following script tage to the top of the page:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In each of the three template files, add the following script tag to the top of the page.

```
